Start with docs. (#44)
FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools-spm: docs/index.md

> `pynxtools-spm` a reader plugin for pynxtools provides a unified data processing workflow for storing SPM data in the NeXus format. As as a plugin of [`pynxtools`](https://github.com/FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools) (see [documentation](https://fairmat-nfdi.github.io/pynxtools/index.html)) `pynxtools-spm` takes advantage of the [dataconverter](https://github.com/FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools/tree/master/src/pynxtools/dataconverter) framework. The framework provides a `template` (a well featured key-value paired hash map where key is defined according to the NeXus application definitions) to store curated data, a template validator for templated data according to the application definition, and a writer to write the curated data in a NeXus file. `pynxtools-spm` package embraced Python modular structure for parsers that read raw data and formatters that curate the data following corresponding application definition (see [Reader Structure](explanation/reader-structure.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pynxtools-spm provides a unified data processing workflow for converting SPM data into the NeXus format. As as a reader plugin of [`pynxtools`](https://github.com/FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools) (see [documentation](https://fairmat-nfdi.github.io/pynxtools/index.html)) `pynxtools-spm` takes advantage of the [dataconverter](https://github.com/FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools/tree/master/src/pynxtools/dataconverter) framework. The framework provides a `Template` (a key-value paired hash map where key is defined according to the NeXus application definitions) to store curated data, a template validator for templated data according to the application definition, and a writer to write the curated data in a NeXus file. `pynxtools-spm` package embraces Python modular structure for parsers that read raw data and formatters that curate the data following corresponding application definition (see [Reader Structure](explanation/reader-structure.md)).
```

<div markdown="block" class="home-grid">
<div markdown="block">

### Tutorial
- [Installation](tutorials/installation.md)
- [Use Reader in NOMAD](tutorials/reader-use-in-nomad.md)
- [Use Reader from Command Line](reference/standalone-usages.md)

</div>
<!--
     1. Run Reader in north tools
 -->
<div markdown="block">

### How-To-Guides

- [Work with Reader](how-to-guides/how-to-use-the-reader.md)
- [Extend Readers' Orchestra](how-to-guides/how-to-extend-readers.md)

</div>
<div markdown="block">

### Learn

> - [Scanning Probe Microscopy (SPM) Application Definitions](https://fairmat-nfdi.github.io/nexus_definitions/classes/contributed_definitions/spm-structure.html#spm-structure)

Author: Fixed!
